c:\users\paulo.figueiredo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Testing\Testing.Tests\obj\Debug\Testing.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\paulo.figueiredo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Testing\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\Testing.Tests.dll
c:\users\paulo.figueiredo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Testing\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\Testing.Tests.pdb
c:\users\paulo.figueiredo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Testing\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
c:\users\paulo.figueiredo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Testing\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\users\paulo.figueiredo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Testing\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\paulo.figueiredo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Testing\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\Testing.dll
c:\users\paulo.figueiredo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Testing\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\Testing.pdb
c:\users\paulo.figueiredo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Testing\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\users\paulo.figueiredo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Testing\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\users\paulo.figueiredo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Testing\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
c:\users\paulo.figueiredo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Testing\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
c:\users\paulo.figueiredo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Testing\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\paulo.figueiredo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Testing\Testing.Tests\obj\Debug\Testing.Tests.dll
c:\users\paulo.figueiredo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Testing\Testing.Tests\obj\Debug\Testing.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\paulo.figueiredo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Timus\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\Testing.Tests.dll
C:\Users\paulo.figueiredo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Timus\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\Testing.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\paulo.figueiredo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Timus\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
C:\Users\paulo.figueiredo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Timus\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
C:\Users\paulo.figueiredo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Timus\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\paulo.figueiredo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Timus\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\Testing.dll
C:\Users\paulo.figueiredo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Timus\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\Testing.pdb
C:\Users\paulo.figueiredo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Timus\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
C:\Users\paulo.figueiredo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Timus\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
C:\Users\paulo.figueiredo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Timus\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
C:\Users\paulo.figueiredo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Timus\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
C:\Users\paulo.figueiredo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Timus\Testing.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\paulo.figueiredo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Timus\Testing.Tests\obj\Debug\Testing.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\paulo.figueiredo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Timus\Testing.Tests\obj\Debug\Testing.Tests.dll
C:\Users\paulo.figueiredo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Timus\Testing.Tests\obj\Debug\Testing.Tests.pdb
